Are right here we go let's tackle the next step.
Specific to our case study because indeed what we have to do now is to compute the delta of intrinsic
temperature which we can do because we have updated the atmospheric temperature the number of users
and the new rate of data.
And that's because assumption 1 says that the intrinsic temperature of the server that is the temperature
of the server that evolves independently of the actions of any system whether it is the eye or the alternative
system is given by this formula which is atmospheric temperature plus one point twenty five times the
number of users plus one point twenty five times the rate of data.
And why do we have to compute more precisely the delta of that intrinsic temperature.
That's because remember that's crucial to understand that intrinsic temperature is to come part of our
two separate simulations.
The one when we follow the evolution of the surface temperature regulated by the AI and the other one
when we follow the evolution of the surface temperature regulated by the alternative system when we
have no AI.
And in order to make these two simulations make total sense well they have to follow a common base which
is that same evolution of the intrinsic temperature.
So that's why we have to compute the delta here.
So that then we can update the surface temperature when we have the eye and the surface temperature
when we have no A-I.
So let's do this let's compute the delta of intrinsic temperature.
And since we're going to compute a Delta.
Well we're going to keep the old value of the intrinsic temperature of the server right before the update
so past intrinsic temperature will be the temperature of the server.
Just before we update the environment and therefore we'll said that equal to.
Well self that intrinsic temperature which is one of the variables of our environment object.
And so now that we have the past intrinsic temperature just before the date well we can get the new
intrinsic temperature right after the update.
And so what I'm going to do now is I'm going to take our self intrinsic Vrable because that's what we
have to date now to get the new intrinsic temperature right up to the date and how you update it.
Well since we've just updated the atmospheric temperature the number of users and the rate of data transmission.
Well that means we're ready to get rectally the new intrinsic temperature by just applying the formula.
Assumption 1 which is given right here.
So I'm copying this and I'm going to paste it right here because indeed this is the new number of users
that was just did it.
This is a new rate of data transmission that was just a dated.
And this is the atmospheric temperature that was dated as well right here.
So we now have the best intrinsic temperature just before the date the new engine that temperature right
after the update.
And so we're ready to get what on that is the delta of intrinsic temperature happening during that specific
iteration when we observe this environment at this time.
And so here we go.
Let's get that Delta.
So I'm going to go to a new line and I'm going to introduce a new variable which will be Delta and then
I can just take this because what I want to get is Delta intrinsic temperature and that will be of course
the difference between the new intrinsic temperature of the server right after the update minus the
old intrinsic temperature just before the update perfect.
Now we have one of the two elements that we need to compute the new service temperature when there is
the AI.
The other element is indeed the delta temperature cursed by the AI that is the delta of temperature
coming from the action of the AI after it let its action to regulate the surface temperature.
So let's compute that Delta as well to compute the delta.
Well we're going to have to make two conditions because indeed this delta depends on the direction of
temperature change cursed by the AI.
I reminded the direction is one of our arguments here.
So we will use that to compute the right temperature change coming from the AI.
And so these two conditions will be on the sign of direction because I reminded direction takes two
possible values plus one if the AI heats up the server and minus one if it cools down the server.
And so the two conditions that we're going to add here to compute the delta of temperature cursed by
the AA onto the server are going to be first.
If direction equals minus one.
That is if the AI cools down the server won that case we're going to introduce a new variable which
we're going to call the delta temperature cursed by the AI onto the server.
And how can we get easily this temperature things to this direction here.
And of course the energy spent by the AI onto the server.
Well remember assumption too which says that the energy spent by the AI is equal to the absolute value
of the temperature change caused by the AI onto the server and therefore since direction equals minus
one year.
That means that the AI is cooling down the server and therefore the temperature change that is the delta
temperature caused by the eye onto the server is a negative temperature change.
And that's why it will be equal to minus energy.
Energy spent by the air onto the server at that specific iteration when we are dead the environment.
All right.
And now the other condition which we have with live.
So if this time the direction of temperature change course by the ice is equal to plus 1 then in that
case the delta temperature change cursed by the eye onto the server is going to be equal to of course.
Plus energy AI because indeed the direction is plus one that means that heats up the server and therefore
the temperature change is a positive value.
And based on assumption that positive values equal to the energy spent and therefore the delta temperature
caused by the eye onto the answer is exactly equal to the energy spent by that AI on the server at that
specific time to one of the environment.
All right perfect so we get now the delta temperature caused by the AI.
And so we were ready to get well the new servers temperature when there is AI there is a new surface
temperature right up to the I place the action to regulate the surface temperature because indeed that
news service temperature for which the variable is self that temperature AI which Kirby here is going
to be of course that same temperature of disarray when we have the eye plus the delta of intrinsic temperature
that is independently of the AI system plus the delta of temperature cast by the AI onto the server.
Right so what I'm going to do now is just get these two deltas which are the two deltas basically updating
the surface temperature and I'm going to add them to my previous temperature of the silver one we have
the AI just before we have dated the environment right.
Here we go the new temperature of the spring when we have the eye is equal to that same temperature
plus the delta of intrinsic temperature plus the change of temperature coming from the eye and perfect.
That gives us the third element of this next date.
And we just managed to get the full next date.
However we have a one final step here which we have to do because we're keeping track of the surface
temperature in the other simulation that follows the same evolution of the intrinsic temperature which
is of course the surface temperature when there is no AI.
But I'm including that here even if this is not about getting the next date but I'm including that here
because the update computation is very easy indeed.
The new temperature in the separate simulation when we have no AI.
So here no AI is going to be equal to that same temperature plus this time only the Delta intrinsic
temperature because indeed we variety of data it the temperature change coming from that alternative
system onto the server.
Remember we computed that right here because we need it to compute the energy spent by this alternative
system when we have no AI we needed to compute that for the reward.
And at the same time we updated the temperature of the server when we have no AI.
So this was already abated here and that's why here we only have to add the Delta intrinsic temperature
and that's where we see really the common part of our two separate simulations following the temperature
of the server when we have the.
And when we have no AI we clearly see that here because indeed both these temperatures follow the same
evolution of the intrinsic temperature of the surface.
That's very important.
Otherwise running these two separate simulations wouldn't make any sense to compare the performance
of our AI with respect to the alternative system that is to servers integrate cooling system.
All right perfect.
Congratulations.
We're done with this new big step of our general AI framework.
Now we are ready to move on to the next step which will be about getting whether the game is over.
And again seek capital letters.
This next step is a step of our general AI framework.
So let's tackle this next tutorial.
And until then enjoy AI.